README.md, before:

# biz.lcdservices.usermgmt

![Screenshot](/images/screenshot.png)

(*FIXME: In one or two paragraphs, describe what the extension does and why one would download it. *)

The extension is licensed under [AGPL-3.0](LICENSE.txt).

## Requirements

* PHP v5.4+
* CiviCRM (*FIXME: Version number*)

## Installation (Web UI)

This extension has not yet been published for installation via the web UI.

## Installation (CLI, Zip)

Sysadmins and developers may download the `.zip` file for this extension and
install it with the command-line tool [cv](https://github.com/civicrm/cv).

```bash
cd <extension-dir>
cv dl biz.lcdservices.usermgmt@https://github.com/lcdservices/biz.lcdservices.usermgmt/archive/master.zip
```

## Installation (CLI, Git)

Sysadmins and developers may clone the [Git](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git) repo for this extension and
install it with the command-line tool [cv](https://github.com/civicrm/cv).

```bash
git clone https://github.com/FIXME/biz.lcdservices.usermgmt.git
cv en usermgmt
```

## Usage

(* FIXME: Where would a new user navigate to get started? What changes would they see? *)

## Known Issues

(* FIXME *)

Commit message:

add README; bump version to 2.0

README.md, after:

# biz.lcdservices.usermgmt

Provides a utility from the Contact record's Actions button to manage the user account connection. This allows you to disassociate a contact from a user account or connect them to a different user.

The extension is licensed under [AGPL-3.0](LICENSE.txt).

## Requirements

* PHP v5.6+
* CiviCRM 5+

## Installation (Web UI)

This extension has not yet been published for installation via the web UI.

## Installation (CLI, Zip)

Sysadmins and developers may download the `.zip` file for this extension and
install it with the command-line tool [cv](https://github.com/civicrm/cv).

```bash
cd <extension-dir>
cv dl biz.lcdservices.usermgmt@https://github.com/lcdservices/biz.lcdservices.usermgmt/archive/master.zip
```

## Installation (CLI, Git)

Sysadmins and developers may clone the [Git](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git) repo for this extension and
install it with the command-line tool [cv](https://github.com/civicrm/cv).

```bash
git clone https://github.com/lcdservices/biz.lcdservices.usermgmt
cv en usermgmt
```
